Win32 Direct Entry

This directory contains the following:

     README.TXT           -  This readme file
     <subdirectories>     -  Contain different sample applications

The sample applications help you learn how to use direct entry to
access the 32-bit NI-488.2 API. The use of direct entry means that 
the application takes the responsibility of accessing the 32-bit 
GPIB DLL. Direct access to the 32-bit GPIB DLL is accomplished by 
loading the DLL when the application is ready to use it (using 
LoadLibrary), obtaining addresses of the global variables and 
functions that the application needs to use (using GetProcAddress), 
and finally, unloading the DLL (using FreeLibrary) before exiting.

The C sample applications are Win32 console applications. They 
illustrate how to use the NI-488.2 API. A Win32 console application 
is a Win32 application which uses text-based input and output, not a 
graphical interface. This allows you to quickly create a Win32 
application by using simple input and output functions like printf 
and scanf.


Choosing How to Access GPIB-32.DLL
----------------------------------

Applications can access GPIB-32.DLL by using either the Win32
Microsoft C/C++ language interface, the Win32 Borland C/C++ language
interface, the Win32 Microsoft Visual Basic language interface, or
direct entry. If you are using Microsoft C/C++, Borland C/C++, or
Microsoft Visual Basic, use the corresponding language interface to
develop your application. If you are using any other development
environment, you must use direct entry.


Choosing How to Access NI4882.DLL
----------------------------------

Applications can access NI4882.DLL by using either the Win32 or 
Win64 Microsoft C/C++ language interface, or the Win32 Borland C/C++ 
language interface. Use of direct entry is not allowed. If you are 
using Microsoft C/C++ or Borland C/C++, use the corresponding language 
interface to develop your Windows application. 


Copyright National Instruments Corporation.
All Rights Reserved.
